---
layout: post
title: The Zen of Python
date: 2019-10-30
tags: [Python, hacker, Zen of Python, Tim Peters, programming]
---

The Zen of Python as a part of hacker's personality 

I've read it several times. It hit me the first time I read it. It's beautiful, simple and... exactly as what it tells us. I don't understand all of it or I don't understand it deep enough. Still, it's brilliant.

It is called "Zen of Python" and applies to programming in Python. I strongly believe it should address the programming style in general. It is a part of the hacker's personality. It's our mantra.

Go! Check yourself!

```python
>>> import this
```

The Zen of Python, by Tim Peters

Beautiful is better than ugly.  
Explicit is better than implicit.  
Simple is better than complex.  
Complex is better than complicated.  
Flat is better than nested.  
Sparse is better than dense.  
Readability counts.  
Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.  
Although practicality beats purity.  
Errors should never pass silently.  
Unless explicitly silenced.  
In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.  
There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it.  
Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.  
Now is better than never.  
Although never is often better than *right* now.  
If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.  
If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.  
Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let's do more of those!  
